# Cryptanalysis Ciphertext Based Genetic Algorithms

## ABSTRACT  
    Cryptanalysis is breaking the ciphertext(codes) to find the
    plaintext (original text) .There are many tools used in the
    cryptanalysis.Genetic algorithm(GA).Is an optimization search
    tool to find the best solution.In this project ,Genetic
    algorithm(GA) used as a cryptanalysis tool to search the
    decryption key for obtaining the plaintext from the
    ciphertext.When the ciphertext generated by the transposition
    cipher.

## Introduction
    Cryptanalysis is the technique of deriving the original message from
    the cipher text without any prior knowledge of secret key or the erivation of key from the cipher text. A general technique for cryptanalysis, applied to all cryptographic algos is to try all the possible keys until the correct key is matched, it is known as exhaustive key search. 

    A symmetric key cipher, especially a stream cipher is assumed secure, if the computational capability required for breaking the cipher by best-known attack is greater than or equal to exhaustive key search. 
    Cryptanalysis is the science of making encrypted data unencrypted use convert cipher text to plaintext because cryptanalysis used to convert plaintext to cipher text and used cryptanalysis Return to plaintext or clear text or original text cryptanalysis is used to break codes by finding weaknesses. There are many techniques used in the cryptanalysis. This project used the genetics algorithm.

    The genetic algorithm is a search algorithm based on the mechanics of natural selection and natural genetics The genetic algorithm belongs to the family of evolutionary algorithms, along with genetic programming, Evolution strategies and evolutionary programming. The set of operators usually consists of mutation, crossover and selection