\textsf{Experimental results 2 of Mutation step:}\\
    \colorbox{blue!30}{\textsf{     No. of chromosomes is: 24}}\\
    \colorbox{blue!30}{\textsf{     CrossOver Operator: Mutli Point with One Point}}\\
    \colorbox{blue!30}{\textsf{     Keeps best parent to next Population: false}}\\
    \colorbox{blue!30}{\textsf{     Two random Postions(2 bits of chromosome): 23 , 3}}\\
    \begin{table}[H]
        \centering
        \begin{tabular}{{ l l }}\hline
            \multicolumn{2}{c}{Final Population} \\ \hline
           
chromosome 0&TQYGIELJNBASZKHUCROPDVWXFM\\ \hline
chromosome 1&MZWUGVIJEQONKSBYCHRAFPXLTD\\ \hline
chromosome 2&SLKWHANMDCEUQPVOXYGBFIRTJZ\\ \hline
chromosome 3&RWJGNQHAUDBESOVPYKMXFTLZCI\\ \hline
chromosome 4&UBIKAHDTOZPRNCJQWLYFSVGMEX\\ \hline
chromosome 5&ELSRODKHBAGNPCTJVZWFQYUXIM\\ \hline
chromosome 6&JATMCORYHBLEXIDVFGSWKQZUNP\\ \hline
chromosome 7&ZMWRGOYDFBXIPESLHVKQACJNTU\\ \hline
chromosome 8&NPZWLEQRHOKXVIMFBCTUSDYAGJ\\ \hline
chromosome 9&YCGLOQEXHKVZPFWSINDRTUMJAB\\ \hline
chromosome 10&FSUTXBQCJZEHOVYIAWPMLDGNRK\\ \hline
chromosome 11&GTDYQFPXCAZHKEOVIBWLMRSUNJ\\ \hline
chromosome 12&TMPBWGVILEQJAKSNRCHUOFZYXD\\ \hline
chromosome 13&MTVXUIEJONBYSZKPHCRAWDQGLF\\ \hline
chromosome 14&SLFGHABEDCOVQPMRXYWUZKNTJI\\ \hline
chromosome 15&RWFLNQMEUDVZSOGBYKACPXHITJ\\ \hline
chromosome 16&UBYKAHQGOZPMNCTJELDWXVRFSI\\ \hline
chromosome  17&ELSKODWTBANXPCRHUQZMJFGVIY\\ \hline
chromosome 18&JAWUCOYVHBZMQGLFIPEXDSRKNT\\ \hline
chromosome 19&ZMKQGOYLFBJAUCVHDTXISERWNP\\ \hline
chromosome 20&NPUMYCJWOQERHKXFVLIDSTAGZB\\ \hline
chromosome 21&YCDWNPAMLEXHOQFVIZKBUSJTRG\\ \hline
chromosome 22&FSRPXBTCJZGHLQDOAKEIVMYWUN\\ \hline
chromosome 23&GTULQFDOCAXZYPBJHVNIWESMRK\\ \hline
            
\end{tabular}
\caption{Experimental results 2 Mutation Step}
\end{table}


